W 11793961 http oauth updates esb (#325)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_http_reference.adoc

|===

==== Jira
[%header%autowidth.spread]

|===

|Step |Field |Example Value |Notes
.11+|Connect to your HTTP Account |*Connection Display Name* | `+Jira at ocs.citizen.demo@gmail.com (STG)+` | Including the Gmail email address aids in identifying the connection from a list.
|*Authorization Type*| `OAuth 2.0 Authorization Code` | The value in this field is fixed.
|*Base URL* | `+https://api.atlassian.com/ex/jira/077bc6b6-f2ab-4cd6-a694-c469cb2d058d/rest/api/3+` | The value in this field is the *Cloud ID* for your Jira account, which is the *Tenant ID* parameter in the *Base URL* field.
|*Client ID* | `SgPehF9AZ5ECD63iUJpG2aPO3j9qNvXM` |
|*Client Secret* |`Yf8q-wbEJjeJIhx5iuE-BiydpL1oCj7wVy2gaoYDEMCe4xwWO_Q2vbjyJg6rGmD7L` |
|*Scopes* a|

* `offline_access`
* `read:jira-work`
* `manage:jira-project`
* `read:jira-user`
* `write:jira-work` |

> |*Authorization URL* | `+https://auth.atlassian.com/authorize+` | You must register your callback URL when creating a Jira account.  As a result, these these credentials only work in staging environments.

Reviewer: these these

|===

==== Shopify
[%header%autowidth.spread]

|===

|Step |Field |Example Value |Notes

> .9+|Connect to your HTTP Account |*Connection Display Name* | `+Shopify at dpelaez+shopifydev@mulesoft.com (QA)+` | For more information, see the https://partners.shopify.com/[Shopify Partner Program^].

Reviewer 2: This should be
`Shopify at my.account@mail.com`

Reviewer 3: May I suggest `my.account@example.com`? Makes it even more obvious that it's an example

> .9+|Connect to your HTTP Account |*Connection Display Name* | `+Shopify at dpelaez+shopifydev@mulesoft.com (QA)+` | For more information, see the https://partners.shopify.com/[Shopify Partner Program^].

Author: ```suggestion
.9+|Connect to your HTTP Account |*Connection Display Name* | `+Shopify at my.account@example.com (QA)+` | For more information, see the https://partners.shopify.com/[Shopify Partner Program^].
```
